DOCS-6436 Add Local and Remote Testing Documentation (#20231)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_testing/environments/multiple_env.md

When triggering a CI test, you can overwrite the starting URL of a [browser][1] or [API test][2] to reroute the Synthetic Worker to the appropriate environment.

## Overriding the starting URL

A Synthetic browser test starts the test scenario by navigating to a starting URL. Similarly, an API HTTP test sends a request to a specific URL. When triggering a CI test, you can overwrite this starting URL to point to another environment where your application is deployed in.

{{< img src="continuous_testing/continuous_testing_start-url_substitution.png" alt="Continuous Testing tunnel allows the Synthetics Worker to reach your private applications" width="100%" >}}

When triggering a CI test, the `startUrl` field allows you to overwrite the first URL that a browser test navigates to or the URL used by an HTTP test request. You can specify this option through the global configuration file, the Synthetics configuration files (`*.synthetics.json`), or the command line flag `--start-url`.

```shell

> yarn datadog-ci synthetics run-tests --public-id <public-id> --start-url "https://staging.my-app.com"

Reviewer: Not everyone uses `yarn`, and the CLI could also be globally installed. I think what's important is the command line, not how `datadog-ci` is access.

One could totally run it like `/path/to/datadog-ci <args>` as well

```suggestion
datadog-ci synthetics run-tests --public-id <public-id> --start-url "https://staging.my-app.com"
```

Reviewer: Can you make sure we don't have `yarn datadog-ci` anywhere else?

## Partially modifying the starting URL

If some of your tests start at the homepage, or a similarly simple URL, the previous solution works fine, but it doesn't cover every use case. Blindly replacing the starting URL may unintentionally remove the path or certain search query parameters from the URL that the scenario is expected to test.

In addition to `startUrl`, the `startUrlSubstitutionRegex` field allows you to modify the starting URL without overwriting it entirely. This option allows you to substitute parts of the default starting URL based on the provided regular expression.

This field expects a string containing two parts, separated by a pipe character `|`: `<regex>|<rewriting rule>`. The first part is the regex to apply to the default starting URL. The second is the expression to rewrite the URL.

A simple example looks like the following:

```shell
https://prod.my-app.com/(.*)|https://staging.my-app.com/$1

> ```

Reviewer: Can you remove the `shell` annotation? Apparently the documentation preprocessor adds a visual `$` at the beginning to make people understand it's  a command line. But here it's misleading:

![image](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/assets/9317502/19ec4b86-1fdc-4141-b1d7-2136f4736c39)

When triggering a CI test, you can overwrite the starting URL of a [browser][1] or [API test][2] to reroute the Synthetic Worker to the appropriate environment.

## Overriding the starting URL

A Synthetic browser test starts the test scenario by navigating to a starting URL. Similarly, an API HTTP test sends a request to a specific URL. When triggering a CI test, you can overwrite this starting URL to point to another environment where your application is deployed in.

{{< img src="continuous_testing/continuous_testing_start-url_substitution.png" alt="Continuous Testing tunnel allows the Synthetics Worker to reach your private applications" width="100%" >}}

When triggering a CI test, the `startUrl` field allows you to overwrite the first URL that a browser test navigates to or the URL used by an HTTP test request. You can specify this option through the global configuration file, the Synthetics configuration files (`*.synthetics.json`), or the command line flag `--start-url`.

```shell
yarn datadog-ci synthetics run-tests --public-id <public-id> --start-url "https://staging.my-app.com"
```

> <!--
> Note: I'm not sure about that.
> This option also supports using environment variables to allow picking up the URL from the development environment that might expose it as environment variable: `--start-url "https://$DEPLOYMENT_PREFIX.my-app.com"`.
> -->

Author: ```suggestion
```

> This option allows you to reuse the same test scenario on both the production environment and any development environments (such as staging) as long as they are publicly available. If some of your development environments are private, see [Testing While Using Proxies, Firewalls, or VPNs][3] to learn how to test against [private environments][4].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This option allows you to reuse the same test scenario on both the production environment and other development environments (such as staging) as long as they are publicly available. To learn how to test against [private environments][4], see [Testing While Using Proxies, Firewalls, or VPNs][3].
```

## Partially modifying the starting URL

> If some of your tests start at the homepage, or a similarly simple URL, the previous solution works fine, but it doesn't cover every use case. Blindly replacing the starting URL may unintentionally remove the path or some search query parameters from the URL that the scenario is expected to test.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If some of your tests start at the homepage, or a similarly simple URL, the previous solution works fine, but it doesn't cover every use case. Blindly replacing the starting URL may unintentionally remove the path or certain search query parameters from the URL that the scenario is expected to test.
```

In addition to `startUrl`, the `startUrlSubstitutionRegex` field allows you to modify the starting URL without overwriting it entirely. This option allows you to substitute parts of the default starting URL based on the provided regular expression.

> This field expects a string containing two parts, separated by a pipe character `|`: `<regex>|<rewritting rule>`. The first part is the regex to apply to the default starting URL. The second is the expression to rewrite the URL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This field expects a string containing two parts, separated by a pipe character `|`: `<regex>|<rewriting rule>`. The first part is the regex to apply to the default starting URL. The second is the expression to rewrite the URL.
```
